There a Dyer there Maja
Do you use To gulp the grasp of the people of possibly Then a little older it is today
From not say until the losing streak, which bought the elderly
Hmm
About Pasha no Arafo dark with a hole in a completely elderly would be above a little than to crack
Therefore the staff is large large large large large large
It seems that the first work is about 77 years 6 published six times, so that 77 years was born in that year
Was the now 37 if we
That's right, so just in high school days or such a sensitive time
If you first enter Star Wars, you're definitely over 50. That direct attack generation
But is the war in distress on TV just so yeah Nde another really enduring work
Everyone if full or some say Tatte it You know that width've entered from the newer ones
Oh yeah I like Ciro I'd think
Not you are also still difficult person in the eyes want to do, let alone elderly did not know out it is still new
There is no
Star Wars
It Does not I that is a collaboration head 1 wow wow the Tteyuu headphones
There was great'll variation way I I'd say
Lace pattern, which will be this want any box only even if it felt that say that does not fit with star
I think
The minute pattern is at hand like this
But this is the first full door
Kedomo is good information, even if N Storr Ntte Yappa sound
Mr. Nakamura of the main moon appears dressed in the side
Nakane I'm looking strong in this dressed Kurushi invited to the event there is that I'm quite know
Hey
Yes
The following third package N post
First
Naa amazing
But it is kill trial and Eartha
Cool is young in it Oaza Sue
I will put more and more in Osu Gail , but I will open all of them .
Let's go to bed for men
Well then press down once use yes yes this is now the opening ceremony
It is a pan box
I wonder because the box it is quite a size
I'm just a collector and you 're high guy
Demand has entered the Suggee sound
It Although there are Unbleached another will be Tsu does not contain Looks like a little fan book
Oh , I'm not a real child to a booker. I have two more people .
who
Awesome
I'm cross
It's a no seal and it 's good too
I want you to have a different need for each package woman 8
Sugge
Considerably speed entered in the are is do it in this rhubarb Gusokumushi who is not submitted in a fish
I'm shooting with neglected hands on hands day at the same time
This video also cut because it this time because had commentary air of incense
Next
Or not this
beats One of the maker of that Osanare of the maker
Headphone case suit
It's a place I'm going to fold this compact right away, but I can see it from now on
It is a feeling that claims 2 but it is hard type that is written if it is dry
Are properly
It's nice I'm easy to grip here
It is not a rugby ball
Was Kapibasu 8 turn Sakura
It This is good I'm headphone of which is N compact it a Ne folding are oi
Ne
Either Naa from this manufacturer's really amazing
My wife is this
Humor
surely
It is nine minutes The point of design is
I think this is
Put grinded game a little
I expansion and contraction head big people also okay to okay also wary
That's right
Please check the scale a little while Imai-san
It took right left
It feels like it's too big, it's too small, and it's super when you get into the clothes today .
If you think that the opposition is a hero of its own place I will be a gas type if it is a name to be issued
Sounds good
I and is a good This Well then let you know the following:
Contact Oh Richa any good I'm So my good iphone and the standard of
Since tens of thousands of their own do you go
Well then I will not make my ears rich
Hmm
Plug good
Is the dark side only is not it the punch line
Era buy was to
How about the royal family
I think the sound of pazdora only to max mara
If it were expressed wonderfully
I I'd tried a little I the infinite circuit now
Sound quality of the board 7 combo is I know from now on dad
There is the sense that great I wish I are becoming thing extinguish the reason or not
As it is
This headphone is determined at an angle
Let's do it seriously
I can see a tower about Chu now, but it wo n't stop even if I'm listening sideways
It seems that you don't feel relieved even when you 're using it without a sound.
It is not however say that it is I do not the people
Yup
Increasing until about two-thirds now iphone of It is the Spirit thumbnail is dim and
It feels like it's something that is still
It is good Kano balance relatively This balance and corn Toka bass
The treble is amazing good appeal in the more the system is not it fly Kana when is this system
I wonder if I have a type
The rest is so great that the bass is good, but the headphones are great, and the headphones with a great balance are good
Ne I is balanced if the coloring of the I I thought
Chain was a little Kunimi feeling multiplied it from such a play is the array
Please Ya base stylish feeling to feel that should be moved to tears
I like the map with a lot of genres like that on the back I like the map and put it in a red and strange
It feels cool
It will be said that forgiveness
It's on the other side, and the inside of the bail is also red.
Ok yes
Yeah wow
It comes here cushion of head Well
This sounds good this day has become thigh that red
That design is totally nicely unified
People who put a star on the fashion this is also a natural winner but I would recommend it
A little
I feel the I Do not want to sell at the character people who also amazing even by all means check Mr. Oita
The purpose is again
Another shop operation I heard here is folded and snapping
I 'm going to slip into this case Yes
I'm I'm Well this is pretty good I think decreased wonderful
This look around too
There is something that is huge , but there is n't too much.
I thought wow good
Please by all means try to check in of pressure on the selected details Yeah everyone
There is a link in the column
Burger
There is Max Thank you for your viewing Murai
If you are viewing on youtube, subscribe from the red registration button below the video
If you are looking at the beauty body, it is a favorite from the max uneven channel top page
Thank you for registration Thank you
Also in the description section of the video I
Please take a look at Mr. Mamil Mamilton and Mr. Takahashi's twitter cancer site
Thank you so much for the hall
See you that I'll see you in a different video